Suggestion for a better python support (#274)
kassio/neoterm: doc/neoterm.txt

                                                         *g:neoterm_repl_python*

Sets what python REPL will be used, and any arguments to be passed to it.

> Both a string and a list can be passed to. Defaults to an empty string,
> in which case NeoTerm will fall back to IPython followed by Python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This option accepts either a String or a list of commands. Its default
value is an empty string, which will try to use `ipython` or `python`, 
in this order, to execute the REPL.
```

Default value: (empty)

Example for a valid command list:

> |g:neoterm_repl_python| = `['conda activate venv', 'clear', 'ipython']``

Reviewer: Let's write the example in a way that users can _copy'n'paste_:
```suggestion
`let g:neoterm_repl = ['conda activate venv', 'clear', 'ipython']`
```
